I think Zoey is just an abomination
should never have been created but it's
just in the game and it's a really
strong champion obviously well it's a
seventh week of na LCS I'm joined right
now by doc from echo fox was coverage
presented by Omni slash talked a little
bit about their crazy match against TSM
just now that ended with a base race
maybe you can talk me through those
final moments because I think Avila
asked hooni what were the last final
moments we like and he just said I
killed their Nexus so maybe maybe you
can provide a little more context on
what was going on there at the end
yeah Ridge a'no Lee we made a bad map
rotation and we had to just kind of give
our mid inhibitors so hooni said he was
just gonna go down and trade the bot
inhibitor for it cuz we had nine - Cho
and he couldn't split against him
something like that so we noticed they
did their baron ran out so we were just
calling to stall their recall so that
hooning could just get the in for free
but something oh yeah the zowie ulted
over the wall and came back to her ulti
and got one shot by Tanner is syndra so
we just won the game straight up like
just Zoe got one shot while we were
killing Cho Gath they messed up their
kindred old so Cho got that too and they
essentially just wasted all their
cooldowns wall - people still died so we
just teleported in their base installed
the recalls because they only have three
people left so yeah yeah because a lot
of people would be looking at that and
be like oh my and echo fox are so smart
like they knew that they could stop them
and get the split-push going but I don't
know how much of it was like
happenstance from Langley and cut-out
versus how much of it was like super
planned it's more like it's more like a
knee-jerk reaction to us messing up so
we had to answer the inhib and then just
because they made a really big mistake
we were able to end off of it so it's
just like they probably shouldn't have
stayed that long for the minute hit but
I mean it's just obviously just in the
in the heat of the moment it's really
hard to make those kind of decisions so
yeah and what was it like for you guys
when you realize you just won the game
because a lot of people I think it
looked at that game looks pretty solid
in tsm's hands for a while yeah our
comms were kind of calm and we were just
like okay we're hitting show we're
hitting Cho you're still fine bottom
that kind of stuff is like no one's
backing we don't see like this guy and
then as soon as I got one shot everyone
just starts screaming go go go go go go
go it's like and Lawrence is like I'm
keeping the base until you the base and
like okay I'm killing myself trying to
stop as many recalls as possible and we
just want like seconds later
that sounds good to hear four four echo
Fox fans probably because it sounds like
the the opportunity the window open with
a so a death and everyone knew exactly
what to do that wasn't like should I go
in or whatever you just everybody was
like I'm tp'ing I'm going and I'm doing
this sounds pretty good for echo fox
fans yeah I mean when when a very big
carry in the game like Zoe who is like
kind of shafting us the whole game just
randomly dies to one spell it's kind of
obvious if we're gonna go forward but
yeah in general I think our comm our
communication as a team is really good I
think our team coordination is really
good I just think that we genuinely do
not make the best decisions well do you
think that any team right now genuinely
makes the best decisions no I don't
think a lot of teams are on the right
path necessarily but I do genuinely feel
like we are improving every day and in
scrims our practice has been more
efficient than ever and yeah it's a
pretty good trajectory for echo fox
always yeah do you what do you think the
chances are of echo fox waiting summer
finals because I feel like a lot of
people right now have their eyes locked
on Hunter Steve sir or Team Liquid and
you guys look to be struggling a little
bit in the beginning as everyone was but
maybe a little bit more on Echo Fox we
saw some roster changes what do you what
do you think echo Fox's chances are
moving forward I wouldn't say we're
gonna be necessarily the favorite just
because our showings in LCS I've been
pretty like coin flip II like we could
have lost any of the games we played
this weekend but luckily we - out you
know you can assess it - whatever like
maybe we have a clutch factor when it
matters that we play the game a little
better in the later stages but my
opinion I think we do are we're just a
really loose team and we do like to even
try stuff on stage where some people are
really scared of the try word on stage
but we do test a lot of stuff on stage
and we do play in my opinion just pretty
dumb sometimes so I think over the next
four weeks we did get a roster change
but I wouldn't say that the roster
changes why I would play stupid
I think me I think me especially has
I've been making a lot of mistakes
especially that have hindered the team
as of recently since the roster change
but our whole team dynamic kind of
switched so I think in four weeks time
will
easily be I mean we should be one of the
favourites for playoffs I do you think
we can win the split easily what do you
think because it was funny I went into
the reddit thread and everyone is just
like it's so good to see Zooey loose
it's so good to see Zooey loose you
mentioned that Zoe was kind of harassing
you that whole game what do you think of
Zoe and also the fact that she lost
today
I think Zoe is just an abomination
should never have been created but it's
just in the game and it's a really
strong champion obviously so I mean to
me it is just a nuisance but as jungle I
am like one of the roles who can kind of
counter Zoe with like gang pressure or
something but in my opinion she's just a
really obnoxious champion that probably
should just get nerfed out of the meta
because if the player plays well on it
there in my opinion there's not much
counter play and it is a bit over tuned
in my opinion but yeah that's just my
take on zou apparently I think she has a
lot of a winnable matchups at least at
the competitive level but at least for a
general like solo queue standpoint Zoe
is obviously very unfun yeah looking
around right now before I ask this
question I'll wait until who passes I'm
curious about your take on great but I
don't want to ask you while he's talking
about it's very awkward let's look let's
talk about the actually I'm curious
about because I've been pulling all the
pros about this the question about
worlds because they've changed the
worlds format this year used to be week
one groups you had like four days then
you had like a two three four day break
then you had another four days now it is
eight days straight with a two day break
before quarterfinals which is also a
little shorter I think the normal what
what is your take on sort of the change
there do you think that's better for
North America do you like the idea of
playing a game straight or two eight
days straight well you get a couple days
off but you get my point
I think the change more so makes
adaptation in the throughout the
tournament a lot harder whereas like you
could get completely stomped by
something in week one earned week one of
groups and then you know that four day
break you could pick it up even for your
own team as a professional player it's
not that hard to pick up a character and
put it in scrims and that kind of stuff
but now I feel like especially with like
two day breaks at quarterfinals you're
gonna see like the team's stay similar
strength the whole time so kind of
whoever shows up the best might just be
the best at the end
but I've never been the world's before
so I really don't know too much but
that's just my kind of a bit sort of
opinion on it and now asking about Craig
what did what did you think of him
because he actually had some pretty good
moments in that game but also I think
has continued to have criticism levied
against him it may be in part because of
the some of the decisions he made later
on in the game so you playing against
him what do you think playing against
him he's always been a very fine player
like he's always has pretty good jungle
path in his mechanics are really solid
he's always at the top of the solo queue
ladder and me and him and kind of like
been parallel and like times in our
career we kind of went pro at the same
time played in challenger series along
each other and then I went to LCS and he
had his little debuts in LCS on his way
up to TSM he's a fine player and playing
versus him was yeah I just
my matchup is just not super favorable
but overall he had a really good early
game and he was pretty fun that game I
think itemized a little too defensively
he went like qss ninja tabi first item
and then into guardian angel after Black
Cleaver but you you're playing kindred
with ulti into doctrine so I don't
really think he needs to be that scared
but that's really the only criticism I
would give him he did in the game with a
little less damage than you would kind
of want on a marksman jungle but I think
mostly the faults you can I think pretty
much every fault you can put on an
individual on TSM is more so a testament
to like their inability to mesh as a
team yeah because that was one you
mentioned the damaged thing that was one
thing that jatt was calling out was that
he said that despite having so many
kills in the beginning grig seemed to
he's had less damage at the end of the
game than everybody on echo fox
including smoothie who yes including you
so it's it's an interesting decision but
and you feel like you should have
itemized more damage well I think no
matter what your items are if you're
four zero or whatever as kindred in the
first minutes of the game you should
have more than a few marks and you
should be dealing more damage than 10k
when the game ends but that is purely
just up to individual really like how
much damage you deal is marksmen is
purely up to player and people just kind
of forget that kindred and graves are
marksmen at the end of the day so when
you do teamfight you are team fighting
in the same position as a normal
marksman you still have to play very
well
you get hit by one spell you are just
dead so I think maybe that God decided
something and that's why he bought so
many defensive items I can't really
speak to his thought process but in my
opinion I yeah he's a little too
defensive the only reason I bring that
up sort of as a follow-up to that a lot
of I've seen in the ESM community a lot
of people rush to fault great Greg right
it's just like we have to figure out who
we hate this week for TSM's loss and
it's oftentimes Greg sometimes it's
bjergsen it's it's anyone really and but
you you think it's less about individual
players and more about that team coming
together at least from a viewer
standpoint I was able to take away that
TSM does not really they don't really
have the ability to play through every
lane when I was seeing them getting
getting advantages it's mostly obviously
through Pearson and he is a very smart
and vocal player I think he can really
dominate the game in the winning matchup
but I do think that the skill of mid
leaders has increased overall in North
America and he's obviously just not the
/ overbearing best mid laner like he has
been kind of since the start of his
career in na but I would just say tsm's
overall problem just really feels like
you know their macro game is just not
there their team coordination is not
there it's just it doesn't seem like
they're clicking eyes on a team level
there are individual players are really
fantastic players though I don't want to
get flamed by anybody for asking I have
to get some questions so and this with
an echo Fox question what is the vibe
like behind the scenes for echo fox
because I think everybody's always asked
and wondered like what's it like back
there like his hooni Ellen and we had a
lot of these conversations at the
beginning the split whenever people are
sorry at the beginning of the year when
everyone was expecting you to just
implode and kill everyone so it seems
not like that ever happened so what is
actually the case going on now
especially after the roster change
especially after the roster changes mood
has been really high everyone is just
we're caught in like that honeymoon
phase a new team you know people add
members and performance goes up
everybody's really happy but overall for
yeah I provide everything we have a
really good upper trajectory right now
in my opinion I think we're just gonna
keep our heads down and keep practicing
and yeah I think we should be like the
Dark Horse for
laughs this one for sure thank you so
much star doc for the interview for
everyone actually you got anything you
want sitting anybody out there thanks to
all the fans Becca Fox sorry we've been
in seeing a little bit on stage glad we
got to go this week but um yeah we're
just gonna keep trying to improve and
hopefully by plats we'll be able to win
again thank you so much for the
interview for everyone else you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel hey everybody thank you for
supporting Travis gafford's content if
you like his stuff please like subscribe
and comment on youtube and also make
sure to subscribe to him on Twitch
because he needs the money twitch.tv
slash Travis go for it and thank you to
Omni slash for sponsoring him and making
sure he has a home